Hi, this is the governor's information I found
How did you find out?
I have been a journalist for many years
own network
Change your clothes in 10 minutes.
What does that mean?
Is it difficult for me to understand?
Then I'll be careful.
Do you want to change clothes?
Come with me to the Governor's Palace and invite the Governor to dinner
I still want to wear your cleaning clothes
Keep cleaning
Thank you Xishou
I'll change it now
Four Treasures will definitely cherish this opportunity
Has anyone seen Xia Zhu?
This bitch will not pay attention for a while and a half
I don't know where I went to be lazy
Hey, okay.
Let you clean up
You actually went to the president's office
Who are you trying to seduce?
You let go you bitch
See how I teach you a lesson
Hey, Master Xie, you came just in time.
Xia Zhuta deserted without permission
How can I teach him a lesson?
lesson
He offended the young lady yesterday
You and the young lady have let him go
He is still ungrateful and dares to be lazy
I taught him.